_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Moto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>555 your office number</p>
    <p>123 your address street</p>
    <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

news: true # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any of these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](https://fontawesome.com/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.

Commit message:

Adding about me section and profile picture

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Moto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: headshot1.png
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>A data nerd</p>
    <p>just trying to figure out what's next...</p>
    <p>Chapel Hill, NC 27516</p>

news: true # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: false # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

I love technology. Technology is a giant ever-evolving toolbox. I revel in the challenge of figuring out which tools can level-up your organization. 

Currently I'm trying to tackle: Data problems. We have big data problems. Everyone agrees data is valuable, but how do we show it? It's costly and often risky to collect... how do we maximize our data outputs to justify our data investments?


About me.

Ever since I was a child, I've loved problem solving (especially when I can bring some friends along!). 

There is a certain satisfaction in applying the appropriate tool (or set of tools) to work through a problem. I think this is why I have always had an affinity for strategy games, puzzles, and (later) business strategy. Situational knowledge, awareness of available tools, and a bit of creative thinking can create some powerful and innovative solutions. I'm always looking for a new challenge, life gets boring when the answer is the same every time. 

The best contributors, never work alone. I enjoy working in cross functional teams. The benefit of being able to leverage a whole new skillset via collaboration is highly underrated. Plus, it's just fun to get to know new people. I like to bring energy and positivity to teams, and feed off the momentum of the group. I think that is why it is so easy for me to find inspiration in great coaches. The amount of team building and leadership that goes into pushing a group of remarkable individuals to achieve even greater results is astonishing. There has been a noticeable shift in coaching lately, and the authoritarian leadership styles of the past seem to be waning. The concept of adaptive leadership is growing, and that is exciting because it opens-up new methods for leading from the bench. It also more clearly demonstrates something we've known for ages: attitude is everything. That's why I carry an "attitude of gratitude" wherever I go. I'm focused on "attacking each day with an enthusiasm unknown to mankind "..(a Chargers' fan, brushing-up on all my Harbaugh-isms). 

Right now, I'm living in a bit of a sweet spot. Data is growing, but few people have figured out how to use it effectively. This means there are a lot of problems to solve, with a lot of bright minds to team up with. In my current role, I get to tackle some of these challenges. I work with clients to help them understand the value their data creates. I work with product owners and managers to help them integrate data seamlessly into their decision-making process. I work with marketers to use numbers to support product positioning. I work with senior leadership to develop robust data ecosystems. 

More to come on this site!

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](https://fontawesome.com/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.
